Telecinco is changing its strategy
definitively with the
Rocio Carrasco documentary after its great reception
the network will try to take advantage of its
audience success by stretching out its broadcast over
time as many of you already know for
a couple of weeks now Telecinco
is not broadcasting a couple of episodes in
each program each night but has
decided to broadcast only one in each program
remember that they were like
three episodes and that this is going to last longer
than Game of Thrones so I
wonder what really matters to
the network was exposing the alleged
abuse that my kids go through I am
wise Liberia welcome to my channel and
this is my fourth video on the subject of
Rocio Carrasco and her documentary if you are
new to this channel subscribe it is
totally free and if you are watching this
on Facebook you can also follow me but I
have to warn you that Facebook has me
a little bit pissed off so I will not be
uploading the complete video
this time and if you want to see it in full
here will be half you have to go
to my YouTube channel that said I want to
clarify once  more than I'm not here
to condemn one or to
sanctify the other and that this is not a
complete defense Antonio David of what
I complain about and what I'm criticizing
is
and censorship, wanting to force
an idea into our heads when
we are free to have our opinions whatever we want
when I talk about censorship in quotes I'm
talking about things like this but we will never
give a voice to the deniers of
Rocío or of gender violence
so he is not going to give a voice to the
deniers of
gender violence that well in part there are people
who with full right do not think that
gender violence should exist as such
but that violence is violence
regardless of the motive or the reasons the
orientation and on the other hand it strikes me as
strange that he says that he is not going to give a voice to
the deniers of Rocío that
means that we have to
believe it by force since we are
forced to believe it by force that I'm
not saying that he is telling the truth
or lying but people will be in their
right not because  the earth is round and
rocio is a victim I love this
analogy where it says the earth
is round and rocio is a victim because I have
already said when you are calling
someone a victim you are trying to say
that there is a victimizer and justice for the
moment has not decided it like that in this
country when we are talking about
abuse there is a rule of law and
that
case is provisionally archived, don't be this one is not seen professionally these provisional derivative works we have clean jesus manuel yes it is true that here jesus manuel is wrong with his words because the correct way to call it would be provisionally dismissed provisionally but it's not a problem to say provisionally archived let's
see the word archived is usually
used definitively it can be
archived not provisionally but
archived but it's not a problem because there are
some judges and lawyers who even
mention it like that on some occasions
pregón tiendas it is
provisionally dismissed like many
many it is Carlos what is
true that the archives are only
provisional 99.9% of the archives in
this country are provisional
a definitive archive is never made just in case
if one day one appears oh no  there is
no problem with it being called a file
as long as it says provisional we hope
yes it is true that the correct way
to call them would be
provisional dismissal what shocks me is what you are
going to hear next
with the case let me speak or do I have to
throw you off the set because those who don't
let me speak
threaten to throw it off the set right where it
is everyone can say whatever they want
no matter what you want you have to have an
opinion no matter what and I mean you ca
n't question rociíto's word
you know that it has been a couple of
episodes since they recorded the video on the
subject for two reasons one of them is that I have
n't had time because of other issues that
have come up and the second also because
at the moment in which they announced that
rociíto devastated the set giving
an interview well the interview
has been a complete disgrace not on
her part but on the part of the team
because they have not been able to clarify anything or
give it the juice that it could have had I
preferred to wait to see what she said in the
interview so as not to put my foot in it the
interview has largely focused
on blaming her for the fact that her daughter has been
by  Telecinco publicly asking
her mother to talk on the phone to
sort things out basically the
daughter with the intention supposedly of
fixing things to get in touch
with the mother and perhaps stop the
documentary but of course while
the documentary is halfway through airing it's going to
happen to us mom your children we have
left nobody your children are here your
daughter and your son pick up the phone
and talk to us sit down with
us really leave them aside from
all this talk to us at home
we're going to clear things up but I really don't want
more damage more pain I can't take it
anymore
according to Regio Carrasco he doesn't pick up the
phone to his daughter and he's not going to
answer her because the
experts have recommended it and she's not ready yet
so I wonder when she's going to
be ready when the
documentary ends I don't know but I see that after so
many years that she hasn't spoken to
her daughter I would go through the forum of the
very same what a specialist tells me
because in fact to
sit on a program to be talking
to all the people caught hammering her
for years the professional doesn't say anything
and it's that really  I understand, so we have to
wait for what we have to
wait for, why waste any more time?
All the time that you can't recover
with your daughter is going to be wasted time. It
's true that Rocío Flores, from what
we've learned,
has a conviction for when she
was 15 years old for having caused her
mother continued abuse. She should
ask her mother for forgiveness, but of course, if she does
n't pick up the phone, we also don't know
if her intention is to
start it there. It seems a little
coherent to me that Rocío Carrasco, according to what she
's telling us, didn't want to report
her daughter herself, but rather did it ex officio because
she didn't want to report her because her
daughter is the most important thing and the most
wonderful thing in life and she wanted to
protect her, which makes sense, but what does
n't make sense is that she's reporting it
in the media now in front of thousands of
viewers. It's true that
all night last night she was
asking that it not be blamed on her daughter
because according to her, her daughter is another
victim and what she did was
manipulated by her father, but really
today the first thing they've done in Salvame is to
give her a hard time again.  to Rocío Flores this
hypocrisy of feminism and of the
progressives who are driving this issue
not a single little thing to show please
do a favor stop pointing the finger
at people who shouldn't be pointed at
in this whole
Carlota issue and pointing the finger at
certain people and
certain facts let's not make mistakes
when pointing fingers please here we can point fingers
since we shouldn't do it
help us because I totally agree with
what I have done with what Gema said I
love that he is asking
who they can point the finger at and who they can't point the finger at
anyone Carlota anyone until
justice is done to anyone pay attention to the CSKA that
gives this I don't know if the psychologist or
some kind of specialist in the
same way that you are doing an
exercise in self-criticism that seems
super mature and super enriching for
all of you if you have recognized that
for 25 years a
truth has to be bought and there is the public urging of
a woman we have publicly lynch
the daughter please who is also a victim
within  and in your mouth Carlota I
really can't get my head around why this
woman doesn't want to pick up the phone to her
daughter, whether she tells a professional or
whoever says it, she's wasting her time
if what she really wants to prove with
this documentary is that she was a victim
of psychological abuse, I think that this
whole episode of how bad it was
with her daughter and how bad the
daughter is left because she is left at the mercy of the
horses was unnecessary or at least it wasn't
necessary, it's not to justify, of
course I don't want you to
misunderstand me but it's not to
justify what that girl did at 15
years old but 15 years are an adolescence
in a very bad family situation and there are
many kids who unfortunately these
are very bad ages and then as
the years go by it's normal for them to change or
at least that's it but the vast majority change
so we have to keep in mind these
types of traumatic episodes for
life yes it's true that they
may be difficult to forget but
let's remember that we are
a 15 year old teenager and if you don't
want to crush it in the media don't
tell it because in the end you are  putting her at the
mercy of the horses and when she
refers to not calling her with the phone
because according to professionals she
is not ready but neither is her daughter
well I think that it is only up to her daughter let's
remember that she
is not a child she is a 25 year old cabal
then the daughter decides to go to her she
is calling and calling and calling the
mother is it because she wants to talk to me if
your daughter is asking you to stop the
[ __ ] documentary and to fix things
in private to be able to try the first thing is
that I get the impression that you do not
want the documentary to stop and for
the fact that a
person has some kind of trauma or
something like that to continue beating around the bush as she says does not give you the right
for anyone to question you to
dedicate yourself to pointing out all the
colleagues who do not believe your version and
that it is true that there is a certain part of
society that well it seems that you cannot
say anything questioning this girl
in front of them because she asks you there will be
a part that really believes that she has
lived through it like this but it opens up another
part that does not and if this gives me the
feeling that  the problem really
after all these events
all these stories that the problem does not
want to fix because it seems
that it continues attacking the daughter there have been
two or three statements
in several chapters that indirectly
leave the daughter in a bad light and
blame her for many things like
balls it has to get into my head
that a professional tells her that she is not
ready to pick up the phone to your
daughter that you earn or to sit down with her
at least and the daughter is worth it I have to have it
pending giving a few days or something like that
nano but she is not ready to
pick up the phone to your daughter but
to tell the whole story to more than
three million viewers from my
point of view it is not convincing at all it does not get to
me and I do not understand that a mother
ignores her children in this way of
both let's remember why in one she
had this problem but in the other
what is happening I do not want to get
ahead of events but let's
see if in the following episodes she says
something about the subject she tells us that her daughter
really is not like that and is not what
her father has turned her into in
some way he considers her a victim
but not having contact with  her nine
years later criminalizing them god or
nine years try it if it doesn't work
let's see two don't fight city they don't
want to he's not making her a
victim of her father and that's your
intention he was doing it very wrong he
's criminalizing her what I've told you
13 14 15 years old is a very complicated age
for many teenagers and well even if
people are condemned with the passing of the years and
especially now that she's 25 people change
if you don't give them the opportunity you'll never
know if your daughter really
intends to ask you for forgiveness pick up the
phone I don't see any excuse
one of the things that went
viral during the night was the accusation
that Alessandro Lecquio made and as he
's questioning her she pointed him out
saying that dog doesn't eat dog it was the
phrase that was trending topic last night
implying that Alessandro Lecquio
is similar to Antonio David and we already know
what she says which is Antonio Davis
better than they answered that let's
listen to the answer he gave she read
this morning I think that the one that hasn't
understood it is her and she has told a
version of my story that does not coincide at all
with what I have said she has
manipulated and twisted it presenting me
as if I were an accomplice of her ex
when that is absolutely false they do not
correspond or equally as specific as
her let's see
just like antonio débil I am
aware that rocio carrasco is a
woman as joaquín says and all of you
that is not well
and that is why I think that what she says
must be listened to with a certain charity
but I think that it is not right to point out
people for having committed a crime when
that is false I have never never never
been reported for abuse and
therefore I have never never never been
convicted of abuse well
she thinks that those who are not with
her are against her we
cannot do this
gentlemen and this is something that is done
very lightly several examples either you support
this woman who claims to be an
abused woman or you are another abuser
take it up the ass that they cancel you and that they
kick you out of the program too no
please me for saying that never  I will understand
that a mother has gone nine years without
wanting to see her children I will never understand it
but that does not mean that
Antonio David is a saint of devotion at
all
the great madrasa Ana Obregón who we already
know everything that she is like that is a great
madraza the sweet one here this morning with
structure instagram no what a good father he has
been and you are Alex I adored you
with this photo of Alessandro Lecquio with
him I
had in common with her people on the
networks have started to pull from the newspaper archives
and they have brought it out checkley Alessandro
Lecquio to link it and justify the
accusation that Rocío Carrasco is making
and well let's listen to what
women spend and women I
don't know if you are capable of saying that and not
feeling ashamed of yourself
sincerely how led to women
but she does not use violence in this
way it is not violence talking about a
strong argument where she throws a
sketch at you then you dismiss it
these words cannot be justified
under any circumstances the only thing
we can say is that they are from more than
20 years ago that they are taken out of context if
not  We know if you're joking,
if you're being serious, if you're
referring to a friend, a sister who
at some point when she was
young, things may have gotten out of hand,
at no point can we point to this
as her having been in an
abusive relationship or being an abuser.
Something else that doesn't quite add up, there's no point in what
people are throwing in Rocío's face.
It's the numerous covers she's had
in the magazine 'Hola', not the numerous
exclusives showing us how happy she
was, I don't feel happy, overjoyed, I don't know what
these covers show, but the
truth is she looked quite happy,
quite happy with her life. And this
means that everything
Antonio David is saying is a lie and that she hasn't
had a bad experience. She doesn't want to
say that, but the truth is that it's
a bit out of place and a bit out of place when she's
telling us that she's receiving
certain treatment for her
mood and for her mental state in
relation to her complaint for
gender violence. I was already commenting the other day that,
well, I'm not a specialist, but
several lawyers and several judges have also said
that it's quite little.
probably even if you are
provisionally acquitted it can be reopened
no matter how many documentaries are made and how
many things you tell this is only
serving for
media justice but what
real justice is is quite complicated and quite
unlikely that the case will be
reopened because for that to happen
new evidence or new facts would have to appear which there won't
be
unless Antonio David does
something or did something and I don't think that is the
case the thing is that there were a lot of people
celebrating the appearance of this
character who assuming on screen that he
said he had some evidence that consisted of
nothing more and nothing less than an
audio recording in which Antonio
David was heard beating him up rice okay
or hitting him against the table pulling his
hair in a series of things and
people were shouting celebrating what no
thanks to that tape they
could probably reopen the case I already talked about
this lady in the previous videos I
told you that I didn't go to Valeria before she
put her account on lock she asks her
making jokes with her friends about how
the press stopped her because of how famous  that was
going to convert then she blocked me and look
where she went to the Emma
Suarez show giving an embarrassing spectacle
play yourselves
12 Freddy is coming for you 34 close the
door 5 or 6 take the crucifix 78 you
never value
efe
with friends like these doing you favors
who needs enemies look at
how bad the whole testimony of
Rocío Toro leaves this lady this one that is a
joke but if I think
this is set aside by the
program itself if this was live tell
me how they fit in by putting the
music on at the same time that this lady was putting on
this spectacle people surfing
the networks that you know that
nothing disappears on the internet have found this
repulsive tweet from the state cristina
cárdenas and look at how
contemptuously she refers to the son of Rocío
Carrasco I am not going to reproduce the word
read it you have tried to check if
the tweet was real and the truth is that I
can't see it because she has blocked me and
right now she has the account locked
but I have found the  tweets that are
supposed to be in responses in the
episode that talked about
her mother's death Rocio Juradó she assured that she
spent the nights with her mother and these
Rosa Benito came out to deny it the
next morning Rocio Carrasco did not
stay a single night with her mother
but not one we would say they would have
three shifts three shifts that was my
sister-in-law Gloria her and I me for things that I have
lived through in my life
a son of mine who has had x the nights I
know how hard they are and I like the
nights and I am what I do the night
with Lourdes all the not all are
and one to know what it is not one and I want to
be what I lived through and enough of the
lies besides someone on
social networks posted this message hello everyone I have
a lot of affection for Rocio Carrasco I don't
know if this was posted by her cousin or
someone in the family or a friend and she
supported her on the vast majority of issues
anyway there is something that Rocio Carrasco
with everything on Wednesday about Houston she
said that when they were in the hospital
in Houston they asked themselves  shifts to be
with Rocío Jurado and her daughter
always had the night today I have
recovered some statements by Rocío
Carrasco on Ana Rosa's program days
after her mother died in which she
put the ball on the support of her family and
especially thanked Rosa Benito
saying that this woman who I consider
my mother's sister and not sister-in-law has
spent almost 50 nights by her side without
sleeping without having any obligation in
that hospital room I will never
thank her enough at the end in
the interview with Rocío regular
regarding these statements and
he almost recognizes that it is
true that it was Rosa de Benito who
was with his mother at night and I am
quite bothered by people's double standards
Rocío Flores in my house has never
provoked hatred towards my mother and she says
this twitter or this
week it's time for maximum victimhood because they are afraid of what Rocío Carrasco might say next Wednesday because what this woman is doing is victimhood and not the other's we have to believe it with a blindfold on
so far that's my opinion
Gentlemen, I personally don't
believe most of it, okay, surely
many of the things she's saying
are true. I'm going to repeat once again
in case someone hasn't seen the
previous videos what I've already said in them and that
is that to know the absolute truth we will
surely have to take a little
from one side and a little from another side and
from
there we will surely draw conclusions at the moment that they let the other side defend themselves and clarify point by point. Surely things that Rocío Carrasco is saying she has experienced like that or at least she believes she has experienced them like that, she surely had a terrible time. I don't doubt her
suffering what I do doubt are
some of the things that are good in
the courts
and although she doesn't like the
argument she sings the judges are what they
are and on the other hand,
the part about the children doesn't fit me either, as I tell you,
in this story there are surely no
victims or executioners, surely both have
had their faults maybe one
more than the other but only
the parties that have lived it know that. What
I want to emphasize once again is that we
always be  skeptical of everything they
tell us that I do not support under
any circumstances the fact of believing a
testimony simply with the word just
because I am a woman that they let
people have an opinion and question and
doubt whatever they want unless there is
irrefutable evidence and that of
course we are not above
justice and that we cannot ruin the
life of neither one person nor the other
I think that having children involved the
healthiest thing even if it is very complicated
even if there is a lot of pain involved and
even if they have been through a lot of trouble
for so many years I think that
each party should give in even if it
is through their lawyers because it is no longer
possible to talk face to face reach
an agreement in which both in
public look good like hey let's
say what benefits each
of us the most we are all good
Rocío Antonio David
and the children we are all going to do as well as
possible let's leave the
courts alone let's drop all the
complaints and from now on we are going to
live the best life we ​​can
that is my opinion  okay at least so far
because so far
I have not seen any evidence that I can
say one hundred percent that the other is a
demon nor do I have one hundred
percent evidence that the other is lying
only that I find some
contradictions that make me doubt a
lot the newspaper of the world released
a little over a week ago
the audios that correspond to
Rocío Carrasco before the judge and there are
some things that do not add up to me just
as it seems that they did not add up to that
bet
six years ago the judge asks her
since when she has been in
treatment she answers
six years ago since 2011
what was the reason why she started
that treatment also I started it
because the signs were too many I had
irritable bowel syndrome I had as an adult I had
extrasystoles I had
panic attacks my hands would go numb my
extremities would go numb when there
came a time when I could not take it anymore
and if I have to go
I have never wanted to go to a
psychiatrist or a doctor precisely
because I was in the process of all these
procedures to take custody
of me  my children, I did not want for anything in the
world for this man to be able to grab onto the fact that
I was not psychologically well and
give him a weapon to use
in the media and in court. Now when I
went to the doctor because my doctor referred me,
a preventive medicine doctor
who when he saw me said Rocío, you
need psychiatric assistance, that's
when I began to exist, that's
when I began to put myself in the hands of
this professional and that's when I began to
medicate myself and here what the judge told her
is I am asking her because in her
complaint she made reference to the fact that you
had symptoms the first time that you were going to
receive treatment it was for the
problem that you have with your daughter and
then she comes out now for peteneras
no later saying how good it is that they
are there for her daughter's problems
but the fact is that her daughter is
related to the father and now pay close
attention to this other part of the audio
because this part of the audio
totally from when my
mother dies and the will is opened when my
mother dies and the will is opened
one day I am sitting in my house on my couch
in my house and my daughter comes home from being with
her father and  My mother just died,
that little girl arrived when she was nine years old, there was no
game, and when she arrived she saw me crying
and didn't even give me a kiss, she kept looking at me
and said mom, and now, based on
the house in Madrid de la Morales, I know
that the little girl asked her
who the house in Madrid de la Moraleja is going to be now.
When in the documentary she said
that the nine-year-old girl sat on
the stairs and kept looking at her and
said mom, now what's going to happen to the
house in Miami? These are things that, look, I'm
not saying that I'm lying, okay, I'm not accusing anyone of
anything, but when you're telling the
truth, you don't usually fall into contradiction
because they're not remembering what you have to
say, what you've said, okay, you don't have to
think about what you've said on
other occasions, you simply have to
base yourself on telling what you've lived through. And
when you're telling the truth about what you
've lived through, you don't find yourself in these
details. Therefore, here, for me
personally, there's something that doesn't add up. On the
other hand,
regarding something else, people criticized a lot
yesterday, the fact that Fidel was
saying that he already spoke to  him in another
format or in another program or at another
time there were people who understood it as if he
wanted another interview or to drag
things out it's going to be a box to say he doesn't change his mind it would be great if he
did it, I mean
really let's not be hypocrites it
seems to me that both she and he have
every right now to go to all the
programs they want and tell their story
however they want now we can
believe it or not believe it but let
us believe it or not
believe it let us criticize it if
things don't suit us let us
question it which can't be
just like the other Antonio David
and also his wife Olga have done they have gone for
all the dishes and all the
magazines how can Rocío
Carrasco and her husband not be able to go well of course they
can and should in fact as I already told you
in the first video Fidel recognizes in
this moment that he was on a video call on
the program that it was a mistake not to
have spoken out during all these
years that silence has been a mistake
but that they did it because when you are
reporting they recommend you not to speak
because it can contaminate the cases and that's what I'm
telling you, it seems great,
phenomenal,
simply that each one tells their
version in their own way as they have lived it and
such, but that both of them do it, that
both of them are going to the program and giving their
version and correcting things and such,
seeing this posturing that you have to believe you are
a woman because you are a woman and that's it, and
the other one is already condemned, we kicked him out of
work and not only that, but they don't
let anyone, any collaborator or
anyone from the networks question gods that's why they
are watching television so that we
question it so that we give our opinions so that we
criticize and nothing, gentlemen,
the truth is that it remains as a
documentary medium so surely
some other videos on this subject will fall,
I insist that you follow me on all my
social networks and well, I hope you
liked this video, see you in the
next one